rawr welcome to the first rawr episode
today Rachel Mars will be will be riding
Joe rawr now we're going to try to get
ratio up on Joe but first we're gonna
take a commercial break all right and
we're bad all right that was a quick
okay so now we've got Joe all rained up
Rachel are you ready for this feat of
strength and danger and empowerment aye
sir oh this will be interesting folks
this will be interesting now we need to
figure out how Rachel can get up on that
everyone you're about to witness the
murder watch more like suicide you're
doing this on your own all right Rachel
hero can see I put a particular on my
leg on my leg on my leg okay it's dirty
are you sure that's okay I'll wipe it
off it's cold hold hands all right grab
this grab that okay now push put both
feet up on my leg Rachel sit up no let's
get away me you're gonna walk with me
aren't you yes Rachel no you hold on the
reins I could not like Jo like last time
bad memories yeah well laughs honey
memories laddie marry my ass you too but
this time looking okay whatever happens
don't
ok